Why does the right to explain lie with you?
But don't forget, the interpretation rights of this crew may care that you are so strong, I see your face, right?
Believe it or not, a young man said, I immediately withdrew the capital.
You've all drunk the Northwest Wind, you hear me?
One by one you do not know how to die alive objects dare to collide with us Young Master Liang
This is your end.
General Director Tran even if you are an internationally famous director
But we still have to eat.
The consequences of being guilty of fat and I say no?
I advise you to think twice before you speak, nephew.
How much money do we have in our accounts now?
Director Chen, we currently have less than 5 million left on our account.
Liang Shao, the 200 million investment they promised is still going through the process.
If they pull out, the consequences are unimaginable.
What? There's only five million left.
This money even the venue fee is not enough.
So what's the play?
Next.
The film crew didn't even have enough money.
You call a car, we're going on strike.
strike
Strike strike strike strike
Attack you and kill the rebels.